# Node.js Foundation Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2019-03-11

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17KxEGIN7f0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/170

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* James Greene (@JamesMGreene)
* Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
* Manuel Spigolon (@eomm)
* Keith Holliday (@thehollidayinn)
* Joel Chen (@jchip)
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)
* Abdullah Tariq (@abdullahtariq91)
* Victor Vershanskiy (@wentout)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* No announcements this week.
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* A first draft of testing guidelines [#169](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/169)
  * short discussion, push back to github to continue discussion

* \[baseline practices\] .npmignore or package.json files [#164](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/164)
  * This is something Joel has run into a few times.  Has received complaints
    about the size of the docker images they are generating for Node.js
  * Even after npm prune, modules end up being quite large.
  * Joel has not had a chance to push this one forward, review next time.

* add deprecate guidelines doc \[draft\] [#150](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/150)
  * updated to break into 2 sections (package owner and package consumer)
  * one discussion issue - what action they can take if un-maintained. Reach out
    to packaged maintenance team.  
  * Glen we should form a relationship with npm
  * Dominykas - is reaching out to our group the right first step? Maybe suggest taking it over
    themselves etc.
  * Joel, some of those suggestions are already there.

* Which Problems Node.js OSS maintainers/authors face today? [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/113)
  * Leave on agenad for update from Matteo next time.

* Create a "support section" validator - https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/161
  * Validator has been created, want more people to comment. 
  * Looks good, will wait until PR for support levels lands.

* Victor - would be good to have short description of what we are trying to accomplish.
  * Hard for people to understand where we are going
  * Want a short description, what we have in README.md is not enough
  * Rick Markins, can we use projects to make things a bit more organized ?
  * Manuel, use project tab from GitHub.
  * Rick, will startup project and then lets go from there.
    * Open issue to discuss/create
    * Review/discuss in the next meeting.

* Ahmad building some tooling to help identify packages used, and will add agenda item for next
  time.

* Abdullah 
  * Large gap when joining versus people who have been in open source for a while
  * Edgar when he started had a lot of questions, got a lot of help 
    * Reach out to the group, ask those questions
    * Feel free to open issues, tag issues for meeting agenda
    * Contribute to what your strengths are
    * Bulleted list (on Read me) ?
* Rick building toolset that analyzes contributions, does not need to be PRs, can be adding on
  to conversation, reviews etc. Think about contributions not just as code, investment in any
  Way. (All Contributions badges?)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


