# Node.js Foundation Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2019-11-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/55H8F-PhT54 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/283

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joel Chen (@jchip)
* Bethany Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Dominykas Blyze (@dominykas)
* Hassan Sani
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Edgar Muentes ( @emuentes )
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)


## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


* No announcements this week.

### nodejs/package-maintenance


* Node.js Foundation Package Maintenance Team - Express Triage Sync/Kickoff[284](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/284)
  * On agenda as an FYI, seems we'll need to reschedule.
  * Need to collaborate to find a time where TC members (Doug & Wes) will be able to attend.

* Collab Summit Topic [268](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/268)
* We need to determine the length of time for the meeting and what we’ll do during this time
   * 1 hour duration
   * Content based on who shows up and what items we’ll have the folks we need to discuss.
      * support / funding info
      * Discussion of funding platforms and approaches
      * Example: https://tidelift.com/subscription/pkg/npm-babel
      * Example: https://communitybridge.org/ (Linux Foundation)
* Folks who will be there:
  * Darcy, Michael, Wes, Bethany, 

* Actions
  * Michael to summit collaborator summit issue.
  * Edgar to submit the community corner issue and creates. Those there will present.

* 2FA in CI [#282](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/282)
  * Darcy trying to queue up their product folks to get agreement on what they
    think they can do.
  * Within next few weeks will have RFC out. (will be public)
  * Darcy will try to make sure we are aware of RFC meeting when it is scheduled.
  * Dominykas: Should we write up documentation on the alternatives to 2FA for publishing staged release versions?
  * Mentioned: https://blog.travis-ci.com/2019-11-11-build-config-imports

* Future direction support field [#241](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/241)
  * Open PR: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/281
  * Looks ready to land
  * Wes, how do we ask people for input
  * Support just the very basics?
  * LJ ask a few prose questions to figure out which buckets it fits into
  * Next priority is to work on tool  https://github.com/pkgjs/support/pull/1 is PR to start
    to support the new schema

* Standard grammar/keywords to reference node release lines [#236](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/236)
  * Michael needs to do this.
  * Wes did add tool to pkgs to do aliases, relies on schedule which is json file

* Document the current 'top 10' express' issues [#233](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/233)
  * Need to fix job that does regular update, then turn back on
  * May not have changed
  * Will review in the triage meetings

* Next steps on Support levels in Package.json [#192](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/192)
  * covered in earlier discussion

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits).


Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.


## Q&A, Other


## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
