# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2021-05-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/Jqja5IHhVi4>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/465>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Glenn Hinks ( @ghinks )
* Dominykas
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Recording for OpenJS panel was done on Monday. Went well.  Hope to see you at the Panel
  at the OpenJS World coming up in a few weeks.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Let's fork `actions/setup-node`? [#462](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/462)
  * pinged people on OpenJS slack, will follow up through email.

* Status update and next steps for "pkgjs/create" (create-pkg) [#458](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/458)
  * No update this week.

* Suggested list of modules to help get support info into [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/413)
  * No specific updates this week.

* Suggest ignoring a vulnerability by the package maintainer [#386](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/386)
  * Collaboration space has kicked off here. First meeting was held:
    <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space>
  * Closing issue as expect discussion to move over to that repo

* Dominykas asked that we look at <https://github.com/pkgjs/detect-node-support/pull/68>
  * Glen volunteered to take a look.

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits)

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
