# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2021-05-04

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/mOAa2suJQxE> 
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/463>

## Present

* Michael Dawson(@mhdawson)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Status update and next steps for "pkgjs/create" (create-pkg) [#458](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/458)
  * no updates this time.

* Suggested list of modules to help get support info into [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/413)
  * no updates this time.

* Suggest ignoring a vulnerability by the package maintainer [#386](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/386)
  * No updates, this time.

* <https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/462>
  * officially recommend way to setup actions for Node.js
  * Jordan has his own as well
  * Has been difficult to get changes we would like into it.
  * Should we fork this actions/setup-node
  * Owen: - relating to pull request, is issue that project or github actions does not support.
    * Action does not support
    * Would be possible write our own action that does.
  * Next steps
    * Dominykas will follow with with a few people to see if the project can

* brain storming session for topics to talk upon at OpenJSWorld

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits)

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
